Previously on
Criminal Minds: Evolution...
The families of some of
your victims have reached out.
and they want to meet you.
- This one. yeah.
- Deena Ryan.
Before her mom comes in here.
we need to confirm that
you're telling the whole truth
about her daughter.
With whom do we have
the pleasure of speaking?
Call me God.
I recognize that voice.
It's Lance Kingston.
But he can't be our guy.
He's not.
He's his hostage.
He's been branded.
Does he still strike you as a
"hasn't killed yet" type unsub?
We think the fan
is trying to surpass you.
Thank you for coming to see me.
He gave me this.
It's a recording
of himself for the fan.
You don't have to
give into your urges.
This asshole thinks he can do
our jobs better than we can.
That raises the larger question.
did Elias Voit
actually develop empathy?
And if it is a sham.
how does it affect
the team member who helped him?
What are you talking about?
There was a closed-door
testimony from an FBI agent
that lead to Voit getting life
in prison instead of a needle
- in his arm.
- Who was it?
It was me.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Please... Please. please.
Fuck.
Hello?
Somebody!
Hey!
Help! Help!
Oh. God.
Stop.
Please.
You're making a mistake.
all right?
Look.
Hey. are you listening to me?
If you do this.
they are gonna find you
and they are gonna fucking...
Fuck.
No.
There's-there's got to be...
What do you want me
to say?
Jesus Christ. I'm...
I'm s... I'm s... I'm sorry.
Just-just let me go.
and-and we can...
We can talk this out.
"Standing behind predators
makes prey of us all."
DaShanne Stokes.
Hi. Do you have a second?
No.
Look. before more time
festers between us.
I-I-I need you to know how much
contemplation and meditating
and journaling I did
before deciding to testify
on Voit's behalf. and
it came down to my convictions.
not-not just about
the death penalty...
which is very deep...
but my convictions
about who Voit is
as a person now.
What about the families?
Anyone and everyone
who was touched by Voit's crimes
was encouraged to submit
a victim impact statement
- to the court. and the judges...
- You don't think your statement
had the biggest impact?
It wasn't like
I offered my testimony
as some sort of expert witness
on behalf of the BAU.
But you are a member of the BAU.
Oh. I get it. When you do it.
it's hunky-dory.
but when I do it.
it's some sort of moral failing.
What are you talking about?
Are you gonna make me say it?
Say what?
Donnie Mallick.
I'm gonna pretend
you didn't just say that to me.
Guys. I just got
an emergency call
from Lupold County. New Mexico.
Cop killer.
This morning the body
of Lupold County Deputy Sheriff
Colby Banks was discovered
on the outskirts
of the border town Piedra.
His uniform had been removed.
He was shot multiple times
using his own sidearm.
His body was then wrapped
in a plastic drop cloth.
and his belt and badge
were used to tie it all up.
- like a ribbon and bow.
- A taunt.
- To the cops.
- Yes. and
Deputy Banks
is only the latest victim.
Last week. the body
of Deputy Francisco Hernández
was also found.
Same C.O.D.
Same disposal ritual.
Now. according to the Lupold
County Sheriff's Department.
each deputy was on a solo patrol
when they responded
to an anonymous 911 call
reporting an assault
in progress
in the downtown area.
When they failed to report back.
their patrol units
were eventually
found abandoned downtown.
Dash cams and
mobile terminals removed.
Was there any video footage
recovered?
Some should've been
automatically uploaded
to a virtual server. but
right now. the locals seem to be
having trouble recovering it.
That is why they're asking
for our help.
And based on the circumstances.
this one is gonna be
all hands on deck.
Meaning you. too. Penelope.
Wheels up in 30.
Are you guys okay?
Can't a girl fly
at 34.000 feet in peace?
This can't just be about
your testimony on Voit's behalf.
It's not.
Is it gonna interfere?
I said two words.
two proper noun words.
that. looking back.
maybe I shouldn't have said.
No. You-you didn't.
- What?
- Yeah. I did.
Why?
I don't... It-it popped out.
- What did you say?
- Donnie Mallick.
Who's Donnie Mallick?
That is the man
who murdered
Rossi's old partner.
Jason Gideon.
The man Rossi shot and killed.
But Rossi was never accused
of any kind of misuse of force.
No. he wasn't.
Donnie Mallick died
with a gun in his hand.
But... there were traces
of iron oxide
found on the side of his weapon.
which could be interpreted
by some to mean that...
Mallick put the gun down.
but was then ordered
to pick it back up. so...
David was cleared.
Okay. why don't we just
freely think our thoughts
inside our mind and not let them
escape the rest of the flight?
- Unit Chief Prentiss.
- That would be her.
Unit Chief Emily Prentiss.
Yes. uh. Sheriff Neal Chambers.
And you all must be
the Behavioral Analysis Unit.
Talk about bringing in
the cavalry.
Uh. truth is. we are way out
of our depth on this one.
Well. at least.
I should speak for myself.
I was just elected sheriff
a month ago.
and I had never imagined that
I'd have to deal
with something like this.
- We understand. and time is critical.
- Indeed.
So. let's get you situated
in that conference room
right over there.
Fine. but our technical analyst.
Penelope Garcia.
she needs to take a look
at your main computer server.
Sure. Deputy Lares
can help you with that.
Dave. you and I are gonna start
reviewing victimology.
Tara. Tyler.
head to the coroner's office.
JJ. Luke. you've got
the crime scenes.
So. the crazy thing is I used to
live and work up in St. Louis.
which is always in the top ten
of homicide rates
in the U.S.. right?
So. I move here
to get away from that
kind of thing. but...
I guess I can't escape it.
Dr. Mateo. given that
Deputies Barnes and Hernández
were both well-trained.
have you been able to determine
how they were overwhelmed
or incapacitated?
It's definitely the latter.
Tox report says
etorphine was used
to knock them out.
Etorphine. that's
an animal tranquilizer.
That's correct.
And diprenorphine.
which is also associated
with veterinarian care.
was used to wake them back up.
Wake them back up?
Yeah.
Presumably for the...
sexual assault.
For the what?
Both officers were sodomized
with their own batons.
Dr. Mateo.
why wasn't that documented
in your autopsy report?
I was encouraged to omit
that particular detail
as it did not pertain
to the cause of death.
Encouraged by whom?
- Sheriff Chambers.
- Come in.
Would you mind telling us
the reason why
you instructed
your medical examiner
to leave out
an evidentiary finding
from these autopsy reports?
I don't quite know
what you're talking...
Your boys were sexually
assaulted with their own batons.
These... these two brave.
dedicated men.
they have wives and children.
The last thing
they need to hear about...
This isn't about why you didn't
share it with the families.
this is about why you didn't
immediately share it with us.
Understanding the specific acts
of violence is essential
to our ability to build
a suspect profile.
Yeah. but if-if my men
heard about this.
if-if staties caught wind of it.
hell. if the border patrol
found out.
y-you seriously think these guys
wouldn't go racing
across the border
and start a goddamn war?
A war with who?
- The Lugo Cartel?
- Yeah.
Who else would degrade
and humiliate them like that?
But the cartel may not
be involved.
Well. even if it isn't.
I wasn't trying
to bury evidence.
I just was trying to preserve
some dignity for these men
and protect their
brothers-in-arms from. you know.
completely losing their shit.
Hey. boss. Seven-Bravo-30
is responding to another 911.
Is Colwater riding solo?
No. he's with Duran.
- They request backup?
- Not yet.
Seven-Bravo-30. Please report.
Deputy Duran and I
responded to call out.
3700 block of Torento.
Suspect engaged.
then fled in a gray sedan.
Arizona plate number
Lima-Romeo-Victor-Nine-Nine-
- Three-One.
- That Arizona plate
belongs to an SUV that was
reported stolen two weeks ago.
Bring up the dash cam.
I can't.
- Penelope?
- They're using some kind of
high-end Wi-Fi jamming device.
Suspect is presently turning eastbound
on Temescal Ridge Road.
heading toward Windrow Reserve.
Well. that's good.
This guy's gonna get himself
pinned in up there.
But your men will need backup.
Colwater. come in.
Suspect's slowing.
They're pulling over.
Colwater. you and Duran hold
your position. Wait for backup.
Do you copy?
Is there some way
to get around that jammer?
I'm trying.
Colwater. Duran. do you copy?
Scramble all available units.
JJ and Luke are close.
Colwater. look out!
The fuck?
...responding to an attack
on Deputies Colwater and Duran.
now heading to an address...
Temescal Ridge Road.
You're a smart guy. Elias.
It's hard to believe you'd trust
Brian Garrity
to deliver your message.
But I knew there was no way
you were gonna let me
get this out to my fan.
Of course not.
"I've been where you've been.
Talk to me. I'm here."
You're beginning to sound like
your old self. Lee.
That was the point. I want
to keep his attention on me
because. as long
as he's focused on me.
then he's too distracted
to kill anybody else.
- I can stop him.
- Look.
until we have the confidence
that you're willing
to work with us.
we have to limit your access
to the outside world.
How much more limited
can my access possibly be?
Your visitors are restricted
to the family members
you've already agreed
to talk to. and that's it.
Hey now.
It's family therapy time.
Mr. Voit.
My name is Joshua Ryan.
Deena Ryan was my cousin.
Her mom was already here.
Her parents are divorced.
I-I'm here on behalf
of her father. Alex.
To be honest.
Alex doesn't think
he can trust himself around you.
Well. if you loved
your cousin Deena so much.
what makes you think that you
can trust yourself around me?
Well. nothing can change
what you did.
Nothing can bring Deena back.
So. you want to punish yourself?
Hear all
the excruciating details
of how I made her suffer
before she died?
I came here to understand you.
This is gonna sound peculiar.
but as it so happens.
after Deena disappeared.
back in 2006.
I became totally engrossed
in the details
of her police investigation.
And when her case ran cold.
I turned
my attention
to other unsolved crimes.
Kind of. uh.
researching them. actually.
Uh. from there. I decided
to enroll in night school.
where I took classes
in criminal justice.
forensics. sociology.
All of which led me to earning
my PhD in criminology.
Congratulations. Doctor.
The thing is.
my family doesn't want Deena
to have died in vain.
We feel if there's
something. anything
the world can learn.
if there's some way to ensure
this never happens again.
that's what we want.
So are you gonna write a book?
None of them tell the truth.
The truth.
It was quick and easy.
Nothing to write a book about.
I met her in a bar.
I took her to a motel.
Strangled her. I wrapped her up.
I stuffed her
in a shipping container.
Mr. Voit. obviously.
you're under no obligation
to share what you know with me.
but as I said. my family...
...at the very least.
we deserve to hear the truth.
Come back tomorrow.
Why?
Because I said so.
Joshua Ryan. You buy that?
Somebody had to vet him. right?
Well. somebody
had to get Deena's dad
to sign off on that guy
before he walked in here
to represent.
but I don't see you
yelling for the warden
to let you call the BAU and
tell them you found your fan.
So they can do what exactly?
Oh. I don't know. arrest him?
For what?
Do you honestly think.
if they searched his home.
his office. or you-name-it.
they'd find a shred of evidence
tying him to murder?
What about all those souvenirs
he's been collecting
since even before
he stepped over the line?
Just like the ones you took.
He's not leaving that shit on a
shelf somewhere in plain sight.
He has a special place
just for himself.
where he can admire them
and relive the thrill.
And if the BAU
could find that place?
They'd have everything
they need to put him away.
You think he'd tell you
where it is?
If he trusts me.
Why?
Because he's like me.
Deep down. he's lonely.
and he wants to share.
- Hey.
Thanks.
How's. uh. Deputy Duran doing?
Feeling as if he woke up with
the worst hangover in his life.
Was he able to tell you anything?
All he remembers is the suspect
pulling over in this sedan.
getting out.
raising their hands.
and as he and Deputy Colwater
were about to slap on the cuffs.
it was lights out.
The tox panel confirms
the presence of etorphine.
And the puncture wound
in his back suggests he was hit
with a one-and-a-half-inch
tranquilizer dart.
That would've had to been fired
with an air rifle.
From a second unsub.
An air rifle isn't really
the weapon of choice
for the Lugo Cartel
targeting law enforcement.
No. it isn't.
These unsubs aren't targeting
any and every cop.
They spared Duran and
targeted Colwater specifically.
Which means... setting aside
all the victims were deputies...
there's a connection in the
victimology that we're missing.
Yeah. you're right.
And considering the degree of
torture and the manner of death.
I'd say that connection
is deeply personal.
How's it going with
the missing dash cam footage?
The ethereal wireless connection
to the cumulous cloud
pregnant with precious data
has been impeded. remotely.
So. my guess is the evil-doers
made that happen
just after they figured out
who the deputies' vehicles were.
Even though that sounds
pretty sophisticated.
like something
drug traffickers might do...
Not to mention highly illegal.
which also drug dealers
have a big affinity toward.
and just the facts.
signal jammers
are a terrifyingly common
- e-commerce purchase.
- Yes.
I thought so. I want you to come
with me and bring your laptop.
Wait. aren't we supposed to look
at the dash cam?
No. No. there's something else.
Oh. Okay. Um...
Hold on. Just getting my things.
So many things.
Here I come. Coming.
Why are we being secret?
Something about this case
hasn't sat well with me
since we got here.
- Sheriff Chambers?
- For a start.
Can we all agree
this violence seems personal?
As if motivated by retaliation.
Or retribution.
Which is why. Penelope.
I need you to start reviewing
all of the personnel records
of the Lupold County
Sheriff's Department.
starting with our three victims.
Got it. What am I looking for?
Try to identify
any unusual patterns
in disciplinary actions
or even arrest records.
But I do not want you
sharing your findings
with anyone but us.
Oh. that's the secret part.
Not even Sheriff Chambers
should know that
I'm peeking around?
No. Only us.
Right. but there's gonna be
alerts and notifications.
I'm sure there will be.
And you want me to disable them.
I smell what
you're throwing down.
Thank you. And I want you
to help her.
- Uh. no. no. That's not necessary.
- It is.
She doesn't need me.
I need you to work with her.
As far as we know.
Deputy Colwater is still alive.
and we work better and faster
as a team. so...
I will leave you both to it.
Well. the deputies'
arrest records are gonna tell us
more. I assume.
Right off the bat.
each of these deputies have had
at least one complaint
for use of excessive force.
- Join the club.
- What?
What?
Excessive force in any situation
is not okay.
A lot of cops
get that complaint.
We have to make sure that
these aren't frivolous.
- I need to say one thing.
- We don't need to talk about it.
- Yes. we do.
- Now. look.
Donnie Mallick
reached for his gun.
If I didn't shoot him.
I'd be dead.
What I did and what you did
are categorically different.
Donnie Mallick
killed those girls
and killed Gideon.
you knew that.
And in your mind.
if he went to prison.
he would become a legend.
- He would've.
- Right. so
it's better dead
than incarcerated.
It's not the same thing.
Isn't it. though? Isn't it
our messy little fingers
on the scales of justice?
'Cause you said that
my testimony prevented justice
for the families
of Voit's victims.
Well. uh. news. uh. Gideon
had a family. too. He had Jill.
He had Stephen.
You knew what their values were.
So doesn't their
sense of justice
deserve to be served. too?
You're right.
- Yeah. I know I'm right.
- No.
I mean. in the victimology.
If we were looking
for suspicious behavior
shared by the deputies
who-who were on the job.
it would be buried
in the arrest records
under something stupid like
traffic stops.
Filter under the phrase
"Reasonable Suspicion."
Daniel Salazar.
it looks like he was
pulled over a bunch of times
by all of our deputies.
not a single citation.
Where is he right now?
Uh. Salazar owns
the Seven Gems Gentlemen's Club.
which I'm sure
is anything but gentle.
We need to chat
with Mr. Salazar.
Just sent you his info.
I told you.
Can I get you something?
We are looking for the owner.
That don't sound too good.
Daniel Salazar?
May I say who's asking?
FBI. I'm S.S.A. Tara Lewis.
S.A. Tyler Green.
Órale. Should I call my lawyer?
No. We just want to talk.
Let's talk.
You recognize these deputies?
- It's a small town.
- I'll take that as a yes.
Department records show
you were pulled over
by each one of these officers
on separate occasions.
and yet. you were never cited.
Seriously? They actually logged
my traffic stops?
Yes. they did.
Those are some
dumb motherfuckers.
Well. maybe that's why Deputies
Banks and Hernández are dead
and Deputy Colwater
was abducted last night.
What the fuck you talking about?
Mr. Salazar. you know what I see
when I look around this place?
A very turquoise laundromat.
I mean. I'd say you were
making a killing
laundering money in here.
but if I had to guess.
I would say that
plus a little sex trafficking.
- Oh. should we throw in drug trafficking?
- Mm.
All on behalf
of the Lugo Cartel.
And see.
someone wants us to think
that it's the Lugo Cartel
that killed two deputies
- and abducted a third.
- Not me.
I got no beef with these dudes.
But you do know what
all of these traffic stops
look like. don't you?
They look like a ruse
- so money or product can change hands.
- Right?
You got to grease some palms.
But then. these cops.
they start giving you
a hard time. They get uppity.
You got to show them who's boss.
You got this shit all wrong.
Those fucking guys were the ones
who were shaking me down.
The cops were shaking you down?
Not the cops. the Furies.
The Furies?
They're a deputy gang.
Like a gang-gang?
It depends on who you talk to.
They're like the Banditos
or the Cavemen.
who are identified
as a subculture
in the Los Angeles County
Sheriff's Department.
Right. and these
fraternal groups
are often characterized
by shared tattoos
or specific hazing rituals.
a strong sense of loyalty.
When you say "fraternal groups."
my mind immediately goes to.
like. young men indiscriminately
eating processed cheese together
or drinking from kegs.
not dirty cops.
Oh. I'm pretty sure they
wouldn't describe themselves
as dirty.
With the blue wall of silence.
they won't talk
about themselves at all.
Salazar said the Furies forced
him into a protection racket.
and when he let his Lugo people
know about it.
they just accepted it as the
price for doing business here.
W-Wait. wait.
Salazar just willingly
shared all of this information
with you guys?
Yeah. he'd just gotten back
from Mexico.
so he hadn't heard anything
about the murders
until we told him.
Now. he's more than willing
to cooperate
in exchange for protection.
And Salazar insists that
neither he nor the Lugo Cartel
have anything to gain
by knocking off local cops.
So. both the means and the
motive continue to point away
from the cartel.
and this Furies.
they're being led
by Sheriff Chambers?
No. No. According to Salazar.
Chambers is seen as an outsider.
And while he doesn't seem
to want to acknowledge
the existence of the Furies.
he does seem to be trying to get
a handle on their influence
- within the department.
- Let me ask you something.
when these deputies
pulled over Salazar.
w-what was the vig exactly?
Did he hand them bricks of cash?
Narcotics?
The deal was for cocaine.
MDMA. GHB.
and plenty of flunitrazepam.
Oh. party drugs.
What if the party went wrong?
The GHB. the flunitrazepam.
that says roofie to me.
Yeah. so what if we're looking
for two people.
most likely women.
who were assaulted by members
of this deputy gang. and now.
they're living out
their own revenge.
That would fit the profile.
All right. so then.
the way to find these women
is to track down
the men they're hunting.
Garcia. start cross-referencing
all of the duty logs
of our victims.
We need to find a way
to identify
the members of this deputy gang.
That make you feel better?
Made me feel something.
- He doesn't know anything.
- He's lying.
One of these fuckers
knows where it is.
But it was evidence. Maria.
Their faces were recorded.
And I'm telling you. somebody
is still jacking off to it.
He's gonna fucking tell us.
Goddamn. you fucking bitches.
- Stop.
- You want us to stop?
Please.
Why?
You didn't stop for me.
Yeah. you remember that?
I was begging you.
and what did you do?
"Shut up. bitch."
- "Enjoy the ride."
- Please.
Please don't kill me.
Shh...
Settle down now.
- You want to live. don't you?
- Yes.
I'll do anything.
just...
Please don't hurt me anymore.
You got to stop lying to us.
I'm not. I'm not. I swear!
Colwater.
We're not gonna ask you again.
You assholes shot a video.
and I'm sure
everybody shared it.
and somebody's kept a copy.
I swear to God
I don't have... Wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
Okay.
Lares.
Deputy Lares.
He told me he kept his
in the safest place
on this fucking planet.
It's on. it's on a hard drive
in his locker at the precinct.
Told you.
You were right.
Visiting hours
will be over in ten minutes.
There is one thing
I did with Deena
that I didn't do
with many other victims.
- I let her make a phone call.
- A phone call?
Yeah. Phone call.
Nobody answered.
She called Alex?
I didn't really care
who she called.
You let Ramona Havener
make a call.
I did.
Ever let a male victim
make a call?
I did not.
Is that something to profile?
Not my field of expertise.
Taken any interest
in the Behavioral Analysis Unit?
I'm surprised by
how little of my research
on criminological theory
actually cites
the work of the BAU.
- Academic bias?
- Maybe.
- Are you familiar with David Rossi?
- Yes.
Okay. so you know
his poker theory.
No.
Well. Rossi posits
that serial killers
are the worst poker players
because when they are
in high-stakes. all-in.
pressure situations
and they're forced to bluff.
they cannot.
They give up a tell
because they cannot accept
the fact that they do not hold
all the cards.
Mm.
Sort of like the idea
there's no such thing
as a perfect crime
'cause as soon as the criminal
thinks he's gotten away with it.
he's just got to tell somebody.
Yeah. he does.
You know.
you don't really strike me
as the kind of reckless person
who would come in here
under their real name.
Joshua.
You must call me...
...God.
Listen to me.
You are changing.
You're evolving.
You want to know
more about yourself.
and that's why
you've come to see me.
I've been where you are.
That's why you want
to talk to me. I can help.
I can make you a god.
Visiting hours are now over.
Think about it.
Maybe I see you tomorrow. Josh.
Man alive. they tore him up.
His lower GI tract
was. uh. completely perforated.
Then. apart from the bullet
to the head. they shot
Deputy Colwater 16 times. postmortem.
Overkill.
I'd say.
Can we have the room
for a moment?
- Yeah. sure. Take your time.
- Thank you.
This is an escalation
that suggests
there may be some order
of operations at play here.
A specific sequence to
the victims they're targeting.
Yeah. it looks like it.
And that means that
this all may be building
toward some kind of endgame.
So. these women are looking
for more than just getting even.
I mean. I think so.
The question is. what?
We don't have to do this.
I mean. we could
get away right now.
No.
No. we can't.
Why?
Because without
everybody being able to see
what they did to us
with their own fucking eyes.
all we are is a couple
of crazy. psycho.
man-hating.
cop-killing bitches.
But we know the truth.
That doesn't fucking matter.
Ruby. I get it.
But this last part.
there's no going back. so if.
- you know. you...
- No.
Ride or die.
Ride or fucking die. baby.
Let's go.
Uh. yeah.
we'll touch base later.
Okay. Bye.
The Furies?
Oh. Jesus.
Sheriff Chambers.
The more insistent you are
in trying to protect and serve
the reputations of your deputies
and this department.
the more you put them
in jeopardy.
Look what just happened
to Colwater.
Yeah. you might be right.
Might be?
How long have you known
about this fucked-up
social club?
They've been around for years.
They're cross-jurisdictional.
and the truth is.
these officers have the freedom
to assemble and organize
however they want.
Because they're protected
by the union contracts
and the First Amendment.
They're not free
to be on the take.
Daniel Salazar
is prepared to offer
a sworn statement
testifying to the fact
that he exchanged narcotics
for police protection.
And those narcotics are at the
heart of what's going on here.
We believe that several members
of the Furies...
which include our victims...
used those drugs to incapacitate
and sexually assault
at least two
as yet unidentified women.
I have been trying...
I swear to God...
to do something about
their influence around here.
It's one of the reasons
why I believe I was elected.
but old habits.
they-they do really die hard.
Well. somebody's definitely
accelerating the process.
Now. do you have any idea
how many deputies or...
No. I mean.
it's not like these guys
have a goddamn membership list.
Are you absolutely sure
that we are
looking at two women?
And that these two women
were-were raped?
Yes.
Well. you know. I recall. um.
couple years back.
there was a rumor going around
that these guys
were meeting up and partying
at this house over in Verde Sage
that had been taken over
by the state. Eminent domain.
Could they still be using it?
I doubt it. but who knows?
We need to check it out.
We can provide backup.
Can you?
FBI.
Clear.
- Clear.
Guys. up here.
Furies were recording themselves
with these women.
And these women want the tape.
Deputy Lares. we need to. uh.
- bring you in for questioning.
- Uh...
Questioning for what?
Your affiliation
with the Furies.
Wait. how did you...
You can't detain me for that.
No. but we can hold you on
suspicion of emailing a request
for GHB from Deputy Colwater.
Should never put it
in writing. son.
Hey. What's up?
Well. I was able to get names
of some of those Fury folks
off of Deputy Colwater's
home computer.
We were able to call
in the Santa Fe division
for reinforcements
to take them into custody.
Technically. protective custody.
but we're not through with them.
Penelope. it looks like
someone recorded
what went on in this house.
Any chance you found video
on Colwater's computer?
Some professionally
produced porn. yeah.
but nothing homemade.
Was there anything there
to suggest
who these two women might be?
No.
But. unfortunately. there is
ample evidence to suggest
that they weren't the only ones.
Okay. I'll go out there now
with our forensics team.
Copy that.
- See what else you can find.
- No gigabyte unturned.
Yes. Can you hold. please?
- Can you help me?
- One moment. I'll be right with you.
Thank you for holding.
Uh-huh. And what time
did this occur?
Do you happen to have
a make and model of the car?
Were there any other witnesses?
Sheriff Chambers.
- Gun!
- Get back. Get the fuck back.
- Get over here.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. Okay.
- Get the fuck down.
- Okay. Oh.
Give me your fucking gun.
Okay.
Oh. shit. Ruby.
Put pressure on it.
Maybe we can work this out.
Shut up!
I'm David Rossi with the FBI.
Go fuck yourself. David Rossi.
David.
Let me try.
Ruby. please. hang in there.
I don't know if they're gonna
listen to you.
but they might listen to me.
Hang in there.
Hello.
I'm-I'm with the FBI. too.
I'm not. I'm not an agent.
I don't have a gun.
My name is Penelope Garcia.
and I just want to help.
I don't know your names.
but I know what happened to you.
and I know why you're here.
A group of men... some of who
you knew and trusted...
they invited you to a party.
and you drank and you danced
and you had fun. and at some
point. you blacked out. Yeah?
And when you came to.
you were at your house
or maybe you were in your car.
but you knew
what those men had done to you.
There was nothing you could do.
There was nobody
that you could go to
because they were cops.
That's not true.
I went to this fucker.
You know so fucking much?
Huh? Did he tell you that?
Did he?
No. He did not.
I went to him because I knew
he wasn't one of them.
But that didn't fucking matter.
You want to know why?
Because he just
didn't fucking believe me.
He'd made up his mind about
girls like me and my friend.
I want to help you both.
- What's your name?
- Hey.
You know why we're here. right?
Then you give us
the goddamn video.
and maybe we don't use
Sheriff Chambers here
for target practice.
We don't have it.
We don't know where it is.
but if you can tell me where
to look. maybe we can find it.
So you can destroy it?
What? No.
No.
I believe you.
This shit has happened
to too many of us
for me to not believe you.
But shooting anyone
is not gonna help.
I want you to be heard.
I want you to get justice.
You can shoot every one
of these fucking bastards.
and it's not gonna make
what happened to you go away.
But we can hold them accountable
if you help me find that tape.
Tell her.
Check Deputy
Devante Lares's locker.
Check Deputy Lares's locker.
Go.
Okay. What's your name?
Maria.
And my friend here. Ruby.
she needs a f...
she needs a fucking doctor
- real bad.
- Okay.
I can see that.
The paramedics are just outside.
but they're not gonna come in
until they know it's safe.
So. if...
I can't help Ruby
unless you both surrender.
- But the video?
- You're gonna have to trust me.
Maria. no. Ride or die.
Just-just get the fucking tape.
- Okay? - Here you go.
- Okay. okay.
- I've got it.
- Get my laptop. Hold on.
Okay? I can get it.
- All right.
- I can get it.
Even if it's encrypted.
I can do it. This is what I do.
Okay?
It's there.
All of it.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Ruby. Maria. I promise
people will know the truth.
I swear. I swear.
- Lock it down.
- Let's go.
It's okay. We're gonna be okay.
We're okay. We're gonna be okay.
All right.
Check right here. Take a look.
Control this bleeding.
Thank you.
My team did its job.
Yes. they did.
Like I should have.
It's true.
When Maria and her friend
came to me.
I took one look at them.
and I thought their story
was bullshit.
Just a couple of party girls
trying to wiggle out of trouble
by pointing a finger
at cops. but...
I should've listened.
You should've.
Which is why I think
it's best that I...
resign.
This town deserves better.
Yeah. it does.
But...
the truth is.
the badge is meaningless
without individuals
willing to sacrifice
for justice.
What you did today.
I'm pretty sure
nobody else could.
Really?
Thank you.
You know. we weren't fighting.
We were just. uh...
figuring things out.
Because people
who love each other.
that's what they do sometimes.
It-it makes sense that
we approach things differently.
but I don't want you
to think that anything
could ever come between us.
Ever.
I know that.
But it does feel swell to hear.
And-and I'm sorry
that I kept that a secret.
I should've told you
from the start.
Yeah. well...
- ...next time.
- Yeah.
- Salud.
JJ. everything okay?
Oh. no.
everything-everything's fine.
Everything's. um... great.
He... he just got accepted.
- Yes. - Oh. my God. Okay.
this-this is happening.
- Um...
- That's great.
Henry got into San Diego.
- Wow.
- Oh. fantastic.
Oh. my God.
Man. how many members
of this guy's family
did you kill anyway?
For years. ever since
I was a child really.
I resisted the urge.
And then. Deena vanished.
And somehow...
...right away.
I knew she'd been murdered.
And I felt jealous.
I felt as if
another man had the nerve
to do what I'd only
fantasized about.
That's when I began
to study real killers.
Stalk real victims. Young women.
Like Deena.
I'd break into their homes
when they were away.
And then. when they
were there sleeping.
I'd stand over them.
Relishing the fact that I held
their lives in my hands.
You held that belt
that you're wearing
in your hands. too. didn't you?
You just can't help yourself.
You need to show off.
You can't accept that
you don't hold all the cards.
You do think I'm pathetic.
I think you need to walk
before you can run.
What the fuck does that mean?
It means that.
if you want me to start
bowing down
and calling you a god.
stop being
a fucking reflection of me
and start being yourself.
Now. what did you want
to show me?
It feels as if my whole life
has been building up to this.
And yet. you need my help.
Where'd you get that?
I guess I'm a better
poker player than you thought.
But I do hold all the cards.
- Bullshit.
- You sure about that?
I'll fucking kill you.
You're not gonna
fucking kill me.
You're not even gonna
have me arrested
because you know I wouldn't have
walked in here
if I didn't have a plan
for this.
Now who's pathetic?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm